{So continuing with our study,
we're nearing the end. This next
one is a complex scene. So like
you've always done, just
describe what you see and what
is happening in detail and take
between three and five minutes.}
#START_campsite Um, this is a
scene.
Lots of people.
I think it takes place in the
summertime.
Um, most people are dressed
lightly.
It looks to be like a.
A camping site.
With the river going through it.
I see various tents 12345678910.
Of very about 10 tents of
various sizes and shapes.
Um, people putting them
together.
People. People sitting around
having their chat, people having
a meal and people listening to
music.
And trying to inflate a A a
river raft.
Hmm. So there are some
activities along the river as
well with people swimming,
there's some mermaid swimming,
people fishing.
On a on a.
Gondola.
As well as one of those boats
that.
People, I think this one is is
showing people in.
Bodybuilders saying hello.
I also see some RV's in the
background, also campers.
Some this tends to be more of
the older groups.
And while the people tent to be
more with mixed with kids.
Children, I see some.
Hikers and bicyclists in the
background along the Oh and some
runners and.
Along the towards the valley.
And along the river there's
people also walking,
socializing, fishing, sitting by
the river and watching people go
by cyclists.
Ohh very.
Uh, very relaxed.
Atmosphere in general, I do see
there is a.
An area where I guess the, uh,
the campers hikers have just
arrived back and they're
desperate to have water. They're
carrying lots of, they're
carrying heavy backpacks and.
Hoping to.
Get to the river because they
are looking very tired.
There's also, um, in the middle
of it. There's a potential.
A bull bull fight or pretense of
a bull fight taking place, which
is probably not a good idea
because it will. It's it's a
child that's trying to get a
bull angry with the Reds.
Cape.
Umm.
There are animals around as
well. I see, I see rabbits,
birds.
Umm.
As well as.
Any other animals think I saw a
dog? One or two dogs.
Ducks along the.
A river as well as a shark.
And.
There's just a lot of.
Movement.
But nothing that is.
Alert and alert on alert except
the.
#END_campsite bull float bull
fight
{OK, that was about 5 minutes.
So going along, this next one is
a graphic novel. There are about
8 pages to this one. So as you
go through the story and again,
just describe what you see, what
is happening and take between 10
and 15 minutes, OK?}
#START_arrival-4 There's a man
taking a shower. I think it's
early in the morning based on
the light eliminating. He is
also trying to shave.
Using a small mirror and get
ready for the day and putting on
a vest, tying his shoes,
counting his money, putting on a
hat and trying to get to a
destination so he's looking on a
map.
And he's already outside.
Trying to evaluate which way to
go with a.
Interesting looking animal with
him. The animal is coming with
him to his destination, he
there's a scene of utopian or
fantasy.
City.
Yeah.
Which I think shows where the
man is, which city he is in.
Um, there's a closer picture of
the the map, which he's still
trying to read.
And meanwhile there's a.
Larger picture of.
Of the city.
scene
Where there are.
Indigenous Indian like tents
along the along a street as well
as.
A man holding a Chinese sign as
well as a.
Umm.
Some submarines going through.
Uh.
Under going under bridge, these
are large large submarines that
seem to be flying in the sky
along with other smaller boat
like.
boat like.
Also flying in the sky.
Ohh his animal is talking to
another birdlike creature.
Um, at which point the man
starts a conversation with a man
with a woman who was standing
close to him.
He inquires he has, they start a
conversation and he asks her
about the about the map points
to a location or an object on
the map.
To which she.
Gives him directions to make a
call on a.
Or a an instrument with dials.
This this actually looks more
like a ticket that comes out and
she is giving him.
She seems to be telling him the
time of the ticket, that we're
where she where he is supposed
to go with the finger 3 sign
and.
Possibly looking at a watch
meanwhile, she's pointing
towards the destination.
Meanwhile there's still lots of
submarine like, Umm.
Just transportation systems
flying in the sky.
Uh.
To which one of them lands.
Close to them.
And allows them to enter so the
man and the woman and the
animal.
Rides the submarine like.
Flying object the.
And the ticket was what she
helped him get for this
transport. There is a conductor
who is telling him to go to the
direction.
Men on the animal sit together
with the woman the woman seems
to know more about.
Her city. As they're having a
conversation, the man takes out
a piece of paper.
From his pocket and shows her.
Um, sort of like an
identification paper, to which
she says.
To which she responds by also
showing a piece of paper that
looks to be an identification
paper.
Umm.
The the the scene now zooms in
on the photograph of the
identification paper and shows a
different story in which the
identity of the person on the
identification person. It's hard
to tell whether it's her.
She's reading a book and
somebody takes the book away
from her and tries to lock her
in a space, forces her to work
on.
Work on a fire gives the person
there's a person that is forcing
the woman.
To add more fuel to the fire, it
looks to be a harsh condition
where it's raining and she's
still continuing to work.
She's finding some trouble with
the fire as the rain is causing
the the fire to stop or create
more smoke. So she rises up on
the large chimney fire or oven
fire and tries to clean out the
chimneys so that the smoke will
dissipate from the chimney and
not from the opening of the
fire.
As she's.
Up on the top of the chimney,
she sees that there are other
people very similar to her who
are forced to do the same kind
of Labor and chore of of.
Of the hard work of adding fuel
to the numerous rows of chimney.
That are shown in this big
complex whether it's a.
Factory or a city location of
energy plant. It's hard to tell.
She's upset and crying, but then
she determines that she has to
escape. She sees the door and
uses the shovel to open up the
door.
As she sees, there are nobody.
Umm.
That is protecting the the key
that allows her to.
Escape.
To.
She opens up the door as well as
the the drawer that has her book
that she was forcibly taken away
from. She runs away from the
location and the factory.
And hops on in an empty.
Train cargo train and tries to
escape.
The the train is leaving the
city.
As the man and the woman on the
submarine transport.
As the story zooms back to the
submarine.
Where the man and the woman.
Is is writing, it looks as
though they have reached the
destination.
he thanks her for her story and
her her help.
And with the animals still with
him by his side.
He arrives at his destination,
which seems to be another part
of the city where he is looking
at it from high above with a.
A statue that looks to be like
an animal, a large animal in the
center of the city.
As a man and the animal.
I, like creature, continues to
walk in this this new city.
He observes the the people
walking along the streets.
Street vendors selling plants or
vegetables, people using
machines.
Umm.
For their purchases of of items,
there's a man and a woman.
negotiating for sale of a fish
like creature.
Meanwhile, the man stops and
points to a picture of a bread
which
The his his animal creature
helps him locate.
Um, some items along the wall.
That opens, and he's able to
open one box of drawers along
the wall that has items he
examines. He tries to figure out
what these items are.
Into which a boy comes to a boy
along with a.
With his father.
Happily tries to help him.
Umm.
The boy and the father thought
that the man was hoping to buy
the plant.
But a man says no. I'm actually
looking for something that looks
more like bread.
And he points to the book, the
picture in the book.
The father then opens another
drawer in the wall and takes
down another object that looks
kind of like an eggplant or man,
then smells the eggplant like
object. The boy is giving the
man a big basket and tells the
man to approach the father.
The father is now showing the
man various kinds of objects.
There's an object that looks
like a fish's tail. There's a
the the sun is also holding an
object that that looks like an
oxes horn.
The father is tasting a plant.
The sun is holding.
A very large artichoke like
object there's another picture
of.
Clam like object that the father
is showing.
There's another object, that
item that the father is trying
to show that looks like a.
A strawberry with a long tail.
The father is trying to sell and
trying to promote these these
items as tasty and hoping that
the hoping that the man will.
Encouraging the the the man to
taste the boy shows his interest
and enthusiasm in tasting the
the items. And so the the man
also tastes one of the objects.
The boy gives some of the
objects one of the objects to
the animal as well.
Umm.
There seems to be a happy
exchange between the father, the
man and.
The boy or they have been
successful in providing the man
with many variant variations of.
Objects.
And at the last scene is.
Is the sun showing the man a
direction in which he and the.
Father is helping the man get to
that destination.
The sun continues to encourage
the the man to come to.
Um, see what he has in a large
vase.
That is, at the, at the.
Foot of a boat.
When the man approaches the the
large pot base.
There a tail appears.
Surprising the man.
However, um.
The father reassures him that
not to be afraid, and instead
that boy pulls out.
An animal creature that looks to
have a very large tail and looks
like an owl.
A combination of an owl and a
squirrel with a large lizard
like tail.
Father happily points.
At the how the animal the the
new animal seemed to have made
friends with the man's animal.
And they're getting to know each
other. They're socializing.
Meanwhile, the father is trying
to calm the man down from his
surprises. And his his.
For not understanding clearly.
the animal.
And at the same time, he's also
trying to explain to the father
and draw.
Maybe because they don't have
the language. Uh of of common
language. The man takes out his
books and draws some building
structures and a very large tail
that is floating in the sky. The
father looks at that, the
drawing that the man does.
And shows a lot of expression
and emotion.
Umm.
From which the the the fathers
there is closeness of.
That's. Looks as though the the
man is trying to.
#END_arrival-4 Look more
carefully at what the man is
trying to show.
{Alright, so that was a part of
the story.
And then moving on, this is
another part. Um, it has four
pages.}
#START_arrival-5 Ohh, the scenes
continues at this new.
City close to.
Either river or Bay.
Umm.
It has.
Lots of birds. Ohh and.
Edifices of.
Owl like structures.
Embedded within the town.
Um.
The the man. The father
continues to guide the man.
Um, towards a destination with
the sun and the two animals
together.
The mother greets the boy with
and.
Exchanges.
Exchanges greetings as well with
the father. The mother is
welcoming the man into their
home.
As she says.
Possibly for a meal together.
They have a drink together, all
four of them, and as she takes
out the the plants or like or
are.
Fruits and.
Various kinds of vegetables,
from the collection that the boy
hands over to her. She prepares.
She is preparing a meal.
Umm.
As she cuts the vegetables and
cooks.
A Turkey of something that looks
like a Turkey.
Um the uh
The scene is very relaxed. The
man has been welcomed into the.
The home of the boy, the father.
He he is having a a very vivid
exchange of conversation with
the mother. She's very engaged
in his conversation. Meanwhile,
the boy is feeding food to the
animals.
They're having a very animated
discussion. Everybody is looking
happy, the father, the mother,
the man as he eats and then they
start playing an instrument off
of three of the.
Father, mother and child start
playing an instrument.
And in exchange, that man does
an origami.
And gives his.
His origami.
That of an animal figure to the
boy.
Meanwhile, the father and the
mother takes out a.
A.
A pot from the cabinet.
And is trying to show the man.
Umm.
the
I don't really understand what
they are. Pot.
The pot is placed in a corner of
the cabinet.
Or in an oven, it's hard to
tell.
Ohh at a window sill.
Meanwhile.
The man wakes up.
With the animal.
Who gets ready again has a small
breakfast. Eating either the
plant or a fruit like object
should give some to the dog or
the animal creature.
As he puts and he gets ready to
dress, he realizes that and puts
on a coat. He realizes that the
animal is helping him get
dressed.
By giving him his hat.
The man and the creature. The
animal continues to walk.
Through his the city.
Their city scene lots of city
scenes of.
A large kilns.
Of.
Of. Of.
Fishermen feeding fish like
creatures.
People buying and selling items.
A man making either a plate or a
sombrero.
A painter painting a motif on
the street wall.
Another man selling objects on
his cart.
The man continues to inquire
people.
But nobody seems to be able to
help.
There are two at least three
people who have who he has
inquired for help but they have
not been able to help it.
#END_arrival-5 He continues
along with his journey.
{All right. So that was just
part of the story, but this is
our very last item. Again, the
graphic novel, a part of this
graphic novel, and it has three
pages, OK.}
#START_arrival-2 Meanwhile, the
man is now on a boat on a ship.
With other passengers and as
he's on a ship.
He opens his book and starts to
write a letter. He tears the
page out of the book.
And folds it into a crane like
shape.
The uh examines looks at around
and.
As he as he stands up.
He sees that there are many
dragonfly like.
Dragonflies.
Insects that look like
dragonflies flying above the
ship. There are many people on
board the ship.
And the.
Looks as though the ship is
heading towards a very big.
A city and a harbor about to
enter.
The dock of the city.
And as the people watch their
entry into the city, there is a
large statue of two men.
Holding hands and exchanging
items.
They are also the statues also
are on each are on a boat. One
ship has a case with a cup
And fruit and a vase and the
other ship or boat
That has other objects.
Two men, one man has a top top
hat and the other man has a
different shape of a hat, which
shows the difference in their
culture and background and
possibly nationality.
That is a very, very large ship
that is coming into dock and the
man is one of the passengers.
Um.
And the.
Ship has arrived and the man
carries his.
Luggage and disembarks with many
other people.
#END_arrival-2 There is a long
line of people waiting to be
disembarked.
{Alright, that is all that I
have.
OK, so we never know what
happens to the man.}